shacknews is covering III and it's right
around the corner I'm Greg and this is
stuff that sucks now I know what you're
all thinking you're all thinking Greg
how could anything possibly suck at e3
it's one of the coolest shows that I
cover every year well what sucks about
it is there's not enough time to cover
everything you need multiple crews
multiple writers thank God our new
jersey team will be there to cover some
stuff i'll be there covering stuff for
game rub TV Steve Josh and some of our
other riders will be covering III as
well it's going to be an insane show
almost all of our staff is going to be
there three days it's just not enough
time to get everything out although
sometimes companies do hold events
before e3 to get out their games and do
the interviews to get them out of the
way if they're not going to be 83 if
they don't want to do interviews at e3
which is a good thing but three days
it's not enough time I think it should
be monday through friday but a whole
week of just games and coverage and
press events i think that would be
amazing but it's going to be really
really really cool this year there is a
ton of good games and we're going to
make sure to get you all the awesome
content you could possibly imagine over
the period of three days every year it's
awesome and every year it gets more
insanely crowded III it's one of the
most overcrowded shows i think i've ever
been to aside from comic-con which is an
entirely different show altogether well
it sucks for people going there's
industry because when you guys want to
play a game you have to wait in a
six-hour line to play something Nintendo
showing order sit in the Bethesda booth
it's gotten a little better now since
they're letting less vloggers in who
don't really own a center just what and
just want to go because III used to be
open to the public years ago or it was
really really really easy to get in and
now they've kind of streamline that
process so it's not as easy to get in
which is good because perhaps people do
need to get there to work maybe you need
to play the games to write about them
and they can't afford away 2-6 our line
although most professional press outlets
like chef news and gamer hub we have
appointments
way in advance and don't have to wait in
lines everything's pre booked for us so
we kind of just show up and do our half
an hour block or our block however much
time we have with the game every year
III gets better and every year it
becomes more crazy so it's a lot of work
but it's super enjoyable and it's super
fun I wish there was more time today to
do it basic this video is just my hype
train to each purchase it's a great show
with awesome developers you get to see a
lot of people from other press outlets
and mingle with them and say hi and
shacknews is having a invite-only party
Monday night if you guys want to go you
can tweet me or tweet at shacknews for a
chance to be invited do you have to be
local de los angeles or have to be in
the area the night of the party so
remember tweet me or tweet at shacknews
for a chance to be invited to this very
special shacknews party it's going to be
awesome anyway guys I think I've gone on
long enough about how great III is and
how awesome it is please let me know
what you guys are looking forward to
most about III in the comments below I
guess the overall theme of the stuff
that sucks today is people who can't go
people who don't live in LA or don't
have a press credential or our industry
don't get to cover but don't worry
because that's what you have us for we
are going to be getting a ton of
interviews a ton of developer exclusives
a ton of hands-on gameplay stuff I do
believe that Jack music is even going to
be doing some events dreaming during e3
and me personally I'm going to be using
a meerkat to try to stream all my
interviews live if the developer agrees
to stream them live sometimes I don't
like to do that so make sure you follow
me on Twitter for that make sure you
follow shacknews for all the updates and
everyone I am just so psyched for e3 so
for everything else gaming related
you're already in my place you're on
shacknews com